###### What does a `doctype` do?
* Browser use a different rendeing mode (that may not be imcompatible) when its omitted

###### How do you serve a page with content in multiple languages?
* xml:lang attributes do not allow to have multiple languages to a single document 
* 2 options:
  - Define a priamry langauge then call out secondary with lang attribute
  - Use multiple documents

###### What kind of things must you be wary of when design or developing for multilingual sites?
###### What are `data-` attributes good for?
###### Consider HTML5 as an open web platform. What are the building blocks of HTML5?
###### Describe the difference between a `cookie`, `sessionStorage` and `localStorage`.
휘발성(Volatile):
* Session: Storage limit is larger than cookie / Cleared upon closing the browser / Data never transferred to the server
비휘발성(Permanent): 
* Cookie: Less than 4KB / For server side rendering /
* Local Storage: Maximum storage limit / Only JS and browser can clear

###### Describe the difference between `<script>`, `<script async>` and `<script defer>`.
* Script: HTML parsing -> Script download -> Script execution -> HTML Parsing 
* Async: HTML parsing & Script download -> Script execution -> HTML Parsing
* Defer: HTML parsing & Script download -> Parsing done -> Script Execution
* (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10808109/script-tag-async-defer)

###### Why is it generally a good idea to position CSS `<link>`s between `<head></head>` and JS `<script>`s just before `</body>`? Do you know any exceptions?
###### What is progressive rendering?
###### Why you would use a `srcset` attribute in an image tag? Explain the process the browser uses when evaluating the content of this attribute.
###### Have you used different HTML templating languages before?